the book of Job there was a man in the
the book of Job there was a man in the Land of Oz whose name was Joe and that
Land of Oz whose name was Joe and that
Land of Oz whose name was Joe and that man was blameless and upright and one
man was blameless and upright and one
man was blameless and upright and one who feared God and shunned evil and
who feared God and shunned evil and
who feared God and shunned evil and seven sons and three daughters were born
seven sons and three daughters were born
seven sons and three daughters were born to him also his possessions were seven
to him also his possessions were seven
to him also his possessions were seven thousand sheep three thousand camels
thousand sheep three thousand camels
thousand sheep three thousand camels five hundred yoke of oxen five hundred
five hundred yoke of oxen five hundred
five hundred yoke of oxen five hundred female donkeys and a very large
female donkeys and a very large
female donkeys and a very large household so that this man was the
household so that this man was the
household so that this man was the greatest of all the people of the East
greatest of all the people of the East
greatest of all the people of the East and his sons would go and feast in their
and his sons would go and feast in their
and his sons would go and feast in their houses each on his appointed day and
houses each on his appointed day and
houses each on his appointed day and would send and invite their three
would send and invite their three
would send and invite their three sisters to eat and drink with them so it
sisters to eat and drink with them so it
sisters to eat and drink with them so it was when the days of feasting had run
was when the days of feasting had run
was when the days of feasting had run their course the job would send and
their course the job would send and
their course the job would send and sanctify them and he would rise early in
sanctify them and he would rise early in
sanctify them and he would rise early in the morning and offer burnt offerings
the morning and offer burnt offerings
the morning and offer burnt offerings according to the number of the mole for
according to the number of the mole for
according to the number of the mole for job said it may be did my sons have
job said it may be did my sons have
job said it may be did my sons have sinned and cursed God in their hearts
sinned and cursed God in their hearts
sinned and cursed God in their hearts vast joke did regularly now there was a
vast joke did regularly now there was a
vast joke did regularly now there was a day when the sons of God came to present
day when the sons of God came to present
day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan
themselves before the Lord and Satan
themselves before the Lord and Satan also came among them and the Lord said
also came among them and the Lord said
also came among them and the Lord said to Satan
to Satan
to Satan from where do you come from going to and
from where do you come from going to and
from where do you come from going to and fro on the earth and from walking back
fro on the earth and from walking back
fro on the earth and from walking back and forth on it have you considered my
and forth on it have you considered my
and forth on it have you considered my servant job but there is none like him
servant job but there is none like him
servant job but there is none like him on the earth a blameless and upright man
on the earth a blameless and upright man
on the earth a blameless and upright man one who fears God and shuns evil does
one who fears God and shuns evil does
one who fears God and shuns evil does job fear God for nothing have you not
job fear God for nothing have you not
job fear God for nothing have you not made a hedge around him around his
made a hedge around him around his
made a hedge around him around his household and around all that he has on
household and around all that he has on
household and around all that he has on every side you have blessed the work of
every side you have blessed the work of
every side you have blessed the work of his hands and his possessions have
his hands and his possessions have
his hands and his possessions have increased in the land but now stretched
increased in the land but now stretched
increased in the land but now stretched out your hand and a touch all that he
out your hand and a touch all that he
out your hand and a touch all that he has and he will surely curse you to your
has and he will surely curse you to your
has and he will surely curse you to your face behold all that he has is in your
face behold all that he has is in your
face behold all that he has is in your power only do not lay a hand on his
power only do not lay a hand on his
power only do not lay a hand on his person so Satan went out from the
person so Satan went out from the
person so Satan went out from the presence of the Lord
now there was a day when his sons and
now there was a day when his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine
daughters were eating and drinking wine
daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother's house and a
in their oldest brother's house and a
in their oldest brother's house and a messenger came to Joe the auction were
messenger came to Joe the auction were
messenger came to Joe the auction were plowing and the donkey's feeding beside
plowing and the donkey's feeding beside
plowing and the donkey's feeding beside them when the sabaeans raided them and
them when the sabaeans raided them and
them when the sabaeans raided them and took them away indeed they have killed
took them away indeed they have killed
took them away indeed they have killed the servants with the edge of the sword
the servants with the edge of the sword
the servants with the edge of the sword and I alone have escaped to tell you
and I alone have escaped to tell you
and I alone have escaped to tell you while he was still speaking another also
while he was still speaking another also
while he was still speaking another also came and said the fire of God fell from
came and said the fire of God fell from
came and said the fire of God fell from heaven and burned up the sheep and the
heaven and burned up the sheep and the
heaven and burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them and I alone
servants and consumed them and I alone
servants and consumed them and I alone have escaped to tell you while he was
have escaped to tell you while he was
have escaped to tell you while he was still speaking another also came the
still speaking another also came the
still speaking another also came the Chaldeans formed three bands raided the
Chaldeans formed three bands raided the
Chaldeans formed three bands raided the camels and and took them away
camels and and took them away
camels and and took them away yes well the servants with the edge of
yes well the servants with the edge of
yes well the servants with the edge of the sword and I alone have escaped to
the sword and I alone have escaped to
the sword and I alone have escaped to tell you while he was still speaking
tell you while he was still speaking
tell you while he was still speaking another also came your sons and
another also came your sons and
another also came your sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine
daughters were eating and drinking wine
daughters were eating and drinking wine and their oldest brother's house and
and their oldest brother's house and
and their oldest brother's house and suddenly a great wind came from across
suddenly a great wind came from across
suddenly a great wind came from across the wilderness and struck the four
the wilderness and struck the four
the wilderness and struck the four corners of the house and it fell on the
corners of the house and it fell on the
corners of the house and it fell on the young people and they are dead and I
young people and they are dead and I
young people and they are dead and I alone have escaped to tell you then job
alone have escaped to tell you then job
alone have escaped to tell you then job arose tore his robe and shaved his head
arose tore his robe and shaved his head
arose tore his robe and shaved his head and he fell to the ground and worshiped
naked I came from my mother's womb and
naked I came from my mother's womb and naked shall I return there the Lord gave
naked shall I return there the Lord gave
naked shall I return there the Lord gave and the Lord has taken away blessed be
and the Lord has taken away blessed be
and the Lord has taken away blessed be the name of the Lord in all this job did
the name of the Lord in all this job did
the name of the Lord in all this job did not sin nor charge God with wrong